The Joe Rogan experience.
Definitely before four. Okay. I gotta go over my notes and.
Hell, I'm so excited to see you guys. I'm like,
it's this other stuff is just extra, you know,
like I was ready to just hang out and come to your show tonight.
Cuz I haven't seen you perform and like at least over a year.
Really a year and a half at the store.
Was that the last time mm-hmm <affirmative> yeah, kind of missed that place.
Ugh. So.
What what's happening with.
It? Nothing. Cause they can't,
they can't even have a outside bar anymore really? Cause they,
they had like an outside bar and everything. They shut that down.
That would've been perfect.
They have the outside are going on for a while and then they,
they wouldn't let 'em do outside shows like there's just so much horse.
That's such a bummer because they actually could have had small shows there.
What are you got there? What is that? That's KPO. What is KPO?
<Laugh> Jamie, you wanna take this one? Um.
It changes the bass notes of the guitar.
The bass.
Notes.
So well changes all the it's it basically like raises you can raise
the key. You can like.
Not raise the key.
So the sound from the microphone is registering on that. No,
no that bar Nope.
Well how's it's it's for her sound from her mic.
Oh the sound from her guitar is registering on the microphone.
She was doing that for tuning. Yeah. That's what I'm asking. Yeah, yeah. Yeah.
Sorry that.
Cap on the.
Neck is what we were talking about. No, that's not what we're talking about. Oh,
you were talking about this. I'm talking about the app. Oh yeah. How's a tuner.
Yeah. How's that work? So it's registering, it's seeing the,
it's hearing the sound from the microphone. It's registering on that,
that meter. Yeah. And it's showing you exactly where each string should be.
Is that what it is? Oh yeah.
You know, I just saw this new app.
That's so that's not a KPO. No, I, I would've got looking for the KPO app.
I thought you I'm looking for a KPO. What are you talking about?
There's this new.
My friend told me about it's called decal meter and it measures the frequencies.
Whether or not you're gonna go deaf like last night show. Yeah. But I.
This is where I wanna like, like if I had the no, if,
if I had the wherewithal to have brought this out,
when I was visited by aliens the other day <laugh>.
And realized like your negative numbers.
What frequency is that? I mean, not like I could have actually seen.
My phone just for that's what it's doing. It's tuning it to the.
Exact frequency that okay. Oh interesting.
So each string has a very specific frequency mm-hmm <affirmative> oh.
And a lot of times people just do it by ear, right? Mm-hmm <affirmative>.
You just kinda so it, no,
I wouldn't say a lot of times it's if you have perfect pitch, my,
my friend has perfect pitch. He's like, I can tell you,
I can't tell you the name of the, of the note,
but I could tell you if it's sharp or flat and when it's perfect. And he does,
it's crazy. It's so crazy. I don't.
Have, that's just a rare of.
Ability. I think you can. Well, they say we're all born with perfect pitch.
They say all babies are born with perfect pitch and it's just something you lose.
Apparently.
But I think sometimes it's just naturally there and then other times you can
like cultivate it. Jamie Fox notably has perfect pitch. I believe that.
That's why you can recreate people's voices. So, well.
I believe the, that makes sense. Thanks.
Feel like my pitch has been changing since I haven't been singing that much,
but we'll see <laugh> but I, okay.
So yeah, this tune is like,
I haven't really written anything like this and it's um,
yeah, it it's kind of like has to do with everything we've been talking about.
Just a summary pretty much. Okay.
All right. It's called. Save for love.
Like that pie. Make it burn red. Make it here.
Like the storm that's at your window.
Fill up those lungs, honey.
It won't be long for the moments gone in your dealing with your
sorrow. Take what you can get
all of your blessings.
Cause that hurricane ahead might be never.
And then reigning. Hell
no, one's going sleep through this one. There ain't no
it's gonna hold it all.
Then those busted bridges. Hold yourself accountable.
Give that soul deep within your voice.
Like parable and make room full the hateful.
See don't match your table.
Give them bread for their broken hearts and kindness. If you are able,
cause ready, need help.
No, one's gonna sleep through this one there. Ain.
No, no
it's gonna hold it all.
When there's to carry, don't be angry that it's heavy, honey.
You know you alone.
There's arms here at the ready to help you bear the load.
No it ain't on one way road.
We gotta do this thing together and grow
its rain. Hell
no, one's gonna sleep through this one. There ain't no,
no walls. It's gonna hold it all the
say
it's beautiful. Thanks. <laugh> Hey, thanks man.
<laugh> it's probably one of the
truer hippier ones I've written, but I it's like it took me a minute. It.
Catch new episodes. The Joe Rogan experience for free only on Spotify.
Watch back catalog JRE videos on Spotify,
including clips easily seamlessly switch between video
and audio experience on Spotify.
You can listen to the JRE in the background while using other apps and can
download episodes to save on data cost. All for free.
Spotify is absolutely free.
You don't have to have a premium account to watch new JRE episodes.
You just need to search for the JRE on your Spotify app.
Go to Spotify now to get this full episode of the Joe Rogan experience.